All good ideas look like bad ideas to those who are losers.
                -- Dilbert


"And kids... learn something from Susie and Eddie.
 If you think there's a maniacal psycho-geek in the
 basement:
    1)Don't give him a chance to hit you on the
head with an axe!
    2)Flee the premises... even if you're in your
underwear.
    3)Warn the neighbors and call the police.
 But whatever else you do... DON'T GO DOWN IN THE DAMN BASEMENT!"
-- Saturday Night Live meets Friday the 13th


Einz, zwei - рolizei, drei, vier - 'mkdir'.


Help!  I'm trapped in a Chinese computer factory!


Only kings, presidents, editors, and people with tapeworms have the right
to use the editorial "we".
		-- Mark Twain


Love means nothing to a tennis player.


This is the first age that's paid much attention to the future, which is a
little ironic since we may not have one.
		-- Arthur Clarke


On this morning in August when I was 13, my mother sent us out pick
tomatoes.  Back in April I'd have killed for a fresh tomato, but in August
they are no more rare or wonderful than rocks.  So I picked up one and threw
it at a crab apple tree, where it made a good *splat*, and then threw a tomato
at my brother.  He whipped one back at me.  We ducked down by the vines,
heaving tomatoes at each other.  My sister, who was a good person, said,
"You're going to get it."  She bent over and kept on picking.
	What a target!  She was 17, a girl with big hips, and bending over,
she looked like the side of a barn.
	I picked up a tomato so big it sat on the ground.  It looked like it
had sat there a week.  The underside was brown, small white worms lived in it,
and it was very juicy.  I stood up and took aim, and went into the windup,
when my mother at the kitchen window called my name in a sharp voice.  I had
to decide quickly.  I decided.
	A rotten Big Boy hitting the target is a memorable sound, like a fat
man doing a belly-flop.  With a whoop and a yell the tomatoee came after
faster than I knew she could run, and grabbed my shirt and was about to brain
me when Mother called her name in a sharp voice.  And my sister, who was a
good person, obeyed and let go -- and burst into tears.  I guess she knew that
the pleasure of obedience is pretty thin compared with the pleasure of hearing
a rotten tomato hit someone in the rear end.
		-- Garrison Keillor, "Lake Wobegon Days"


  I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.


Women can keep a secret just as well as men, but it takes more of them
to do it.


Ninety percent of everything is crap.
		-- Theodore Sturgeon


The PINK SOCKS were ORIGINALLY from 1952!!  But they went to MARS
around 1953!!

